[OSDOCS 5590]: Creating an AWS KMS key for customer encryption (#67957)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key.adoc

> :_content-type: ASSEMBLY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
```

[id="rosa-hcp-creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key"]

> = Creating an AWS KMS key for customer encryption

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Creating ROSA with HCP clusters using a custom AWS KMS encryption key
```

Updating assembly title to match topic_map

include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: rosa-hcp-creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key

toc::[]

> Create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with the AWS Security Token Service (STS) using a custom AWS KMS key.

Reviewer 3: Do we need to spell out KMS?

Author: spelt out in assembly and this module will not be reused.

> Create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with the AWS Security Token Service (STS) using a custom AWS Key Management Service (KMS) key.

Reviewer 2: We should use `{hcp-title-first}` here https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc#L38

You must have a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) to create {hcp-title} cluster. You can use the following methods to create a VPC: 

* Create a VPC by using a Terraform template
* Manually create the VPC resources in the AWS console

[NOTE]
====
The Terraform instructions are for testing and demonstration purposes. Your own installation requires some modifications to the VPC for your own use. You should also ensure that when you use this Terraform script it is in the same region that you intend to install your cluster. In these examples, use `us-east-2`.
====

[discrete]
include::modules/rosa-hcp-vpc-terraform.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* See the link:https://github.com/openshift-cs/terraform-vpc-example[Terraform VPC] repository for a detailed list of all options available when customizing the VPC for your needs.

[discrete]
include::modules/rosa-hcp-vpc-manual.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-getting-started.html[Get Started with Amazon VPC]
* link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform[HashiCorp Terraform documentation]

> include::modules/rosa-hcp-creating-account-wide-sts-roles-and-policies.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 4: 1. I think '...CLI, rosa, to create...' should  be '..CLI (rosa) to create...'
`Before using the Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA) CLI, rosa, to create Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA) with hosted control planes (HCP) clusters, create the required account-wide roles and policies, including the Operator policies.`

Author: Replaced with "Before using the {product-title} (ROSA) CLI (rosa)to create {hcp-title-first} clusters, create the required account-wide roles and policies, including the Operator policies."

Reviewer 4: In the module "modules/rosa-hcp-creating-account-wide-sts-roles-and-policies.adoc" There are two ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX content
```
ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX="<account_roles_prefix>"
ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX="${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}"
rosa create account-roles --hosted-cp --prefix $ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX
```

include::modules/rosa-sts-byo-oidc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> include::modules/rosa-operator-config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 4: In this module "modules/rosa-operator-config.adoc". It would be better to remove **$** before  "arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-HCP-ROSA-Installer-Role"
rosa create operator-roles --hosted-cp --prefix $OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX --oidc-config-id $OIDC_ID --installer-role-arn **$**arn:aws:iam::${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:role/${ACCOUNT_ROLES_PREFIX}-HCP-ROSA-Installer-Role

Author: removed, thanks

* For information about the prerequisites to installing ROSA with STS, see xref:../rosa_planning/rosa-sts-aws-prereqs.adoc#rosa-sts-aws-prereqs[AWS prerequisites for ROSA with STS].
* For details about using the `auto` and `manual` modes to create the required STS resources, see xref:../rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations.adoc#rosa-understanding-deployment-modes_rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations[Understanding the auto and manual deployment modes].
* For more information about using OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity providers in AWS IAM, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_create_oidc.html[Creating OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity providers] in the AWS documentation.
* For more information about troubleshooting ROSA cluster installations, see xref:../support/troubleshooting/rosa-troubleshooting-installations.adoc#rosa-troubleshooting-installations[Troubleshooting installations].

> * For steps to contact Red Hat Support for assistance, see xref:../support/getting-support.adoc#getting-support[Getting support for Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS].

Reviewer 3: Per the doc guidelines: [You must not include text outside of the square brackets.](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#additional-resources-sections)

Author: Changed although I see this in numerous docs/assemblies. I had duplicated this assembly from another so I now see it in numerous ones..thanks for highlighting

Reviewer 3: (Psst. Don't tell anyone, but I don't agree with that rule!)

Author: Psst me neither...
